---
title: 'Privacy Policy'
layout: '~/layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro'
---

_Last updated_: March 3, 2025

Underland Pty Ltd ACN 671 671 686 (**Underland Cloud**) takes your privacy seriously and is committed to responsible privacy practices. This policy describes how Underland Cloud manages your personal information, including details of what types of personal information Underland Cloud collects, how Underland Cloud collects your personal information, the purposes for which Underland Cloud uses your personal information, and to whom your personal information is disclosed. For any privacy-related inquiries, you can contact Underland Cloud at privacy@underland.cloud

This Privacy Policy describes Underland Cloud's policies and procedures on the collection, use, and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

Underland Cloud uses Your Personal Data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

-   **Account** means a unique account created for You to access the Service or parts of the Service.
-   **Company** (referred to as "Underland" in this Agreement) refers to Underland Pty Ltd ACN 671 671 686, 2 Park Rd, Crawley WA 6009, Australia.
-   **Cookies** are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device, or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
-   **Country** refers to: Australia
-   **Device** means any device that can access the Service, such as a computer, a cellphone, or a digital tablet.
-   **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.  This is equivalent to "personal information" as defined in the *Privacy Act 1988* (Cth).
-   **Service** refers to the Website and any products or services offered by Underland Cloud.
-   **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of Underland. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by Underland to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of Underland, to perform services related to the Service, or to assist Underland in analyzing how the Service is used.
-   **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
-   **Website** refers to Underland Cloud, accessible from [underland.cloud](https://underland.cloud)
-   **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

While using the Service, Underland may ask You to provide certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

-   Name
-   Contact details (e.g., email address, phone number)
-   Employment history (for contractors and prospective employees)
-   Date of birth (for contractors and prospective employees)
-   Government-related identifiers (e.g., tax file numbers, for contractors and prospective employees)

Underland does not collect sensitive information.

In addition to the types of personal information identified above, Underland may collect personal information as otherwise permitted or required by law.

#### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g., IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of the Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers, operating system, geolocation data, browsing preferences, page access times, referring website addresses, and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, Underland may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Underland also collects general analytics and other technical information. This information is used solely internally for the purpose of gauging visitor traffic, trends, and delivering personalised content to you while you are on our website.
#### Tracking Technologies and Cookies

The Service uses “cookies” and similar tracking technology, such as web beacons and authentication tokens. A “cookie” is a small amount of information that is transferred to the hard drive of your computer and can identify your web browser, but not you.

Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on Your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close Your web browser.

Underland uses both Session and Persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:

-   **Necessary / Essential Cookies**

    Type: Session Cookies

    Administered by: Underland

    Purpose: These Cookies are essential to provide You with services available through the Website and to enable You to use some of its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these Cookies, the services that You have asked for cannot be provided, and Underland only uses these Cookies to provide You with those services.

-   **Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance Cookies**

    Type: Persistent Cookies

    Administered by: Underland

    Purpose: These Cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the Website.

-   **Functionality Cookies**

    Type: Persistent Cookies

    Administered by: Underland

    Purpose: These Cookies allow Underland to remember choices You make when You use the Website, such as remembering your login details or language preference. The purpose of these Cookies is to provide You with a more personal experience and to avoid You having to re-enter your preferences every time You use the Website.
If you want, you can disable your web browser from accepting cookies. If you do so, you can still access our website, but it may impact your user experience.

Underland uses third-party web analytics services (e.g., from providers like AWS and Google).  These providers may use cookies and other technologies (like web beacons) to collect information about your use of the Website.  Refer to the privacy policies of these providers for more information. Such information does not refer to individuals by name or their contact details. Underland uses this data in aggregate to improve our website and our goods and services. We may provide such aggregated data to third parties, but in so doing, we do not provide personal information without the individual’s consent.

## Use of Your Personal Data

Underland may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

-   **To provide and maintain the Service**, including to monitor the usage of the Service and to enable its proper operation and functionality.
-   **To manage Your Account:** to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
-   **For the performance of a contract:** the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Underland through the Service, or to receive goods or services from third parties.
-   **To contact You:** Underland may contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
-   **To provide You** with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which Underland offers that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
-   **To manage Your requests:** Underland will attend to and manage Your requests, and address any issues or complaints.
-   **To verify Your identity:**  For example, if You request access to Your Personal Data.
-   **For employment/contractor considerations:**  To consider You for a job at Underland (whether as an employee or contractor) or other relationships with Underland.
-  **To improve the Website and Service:** to develop and improve the quality of the website, tailor search results and show you relevant advertising.
-   **For business transfers:** Your information may be used to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Underland's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Underland about Service users is among the assets transferred.
-   **For other purposes**: Underland may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve the Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.
- **To comply with legal obligations.**

Underland will only collect, use and disclose personal information about you if it has a lawful basis to do so, for example:

- Where You have given Underland Your consent;
- Where processing of Your Personal Data is necessary for the performance of a contract with You;
- To meet Underland's legal obligations; and
- To pursue Underland's legitimate business interests.
Some of the specific purposes for which Underland collects, uses and discloses personal information are as follows:
- To provide its products and services to its customers or to receive goods or services from third parties;
- To enable the proper operation and functionality of its products and services;
- To improve its products and services;
- for direct marketing purposes (see the “Direct Marketing” section below); and
- To contact you regarding the above, including via electronic messaging such as SMS and email, by mail, by phone, or in any other lawful manner.

Underland may share Your personal information in the following situations:

-   **With Service Providers:** Underland may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of the Service, to contact You, for cloud service provision, data storage, shipping, telecommunications, and IT support.
-   **For business transfers:** Underland may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Underland's business to another company.
-   **With Affiliates:** Underland may share Your information with its affiliates, in which case Underland will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Underland's parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that Underland controls or that are under common control with Underland.
-   **With business partners:** Underland may share Your information with its business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.
-   **With other users:** when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside.
-   **With Your consent**: Underland may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.
- **With professional advisors:** Underland may disclose information to its professional advisors such as lawyers, accountants or auditors and insurers.
- **Promotional, research or marketing activities:** with the organisations authorised by Underland to conduct these types of activities.
- **As required by law.**
If Underland is unable to collect your personal information, then Underland may not be able to provide you with the products, services and opportunities that depend on the collection of that information.
## Retention of Your Personal Data
Underland will only collect your personal information directly from you, including when you:
- Use or subscribe to the website or use Underland’s products or services;
- Apply to work with Underland or are engaged by Underland as a contractor;
- Make inquiries about us or our services or otherwise communicate with Underland by email, by telephone, in person, via the website, or otherwise.
In some cases, Underland may also collect personal information from third parties such as:
- Publicly available sources;
- Entities with which Underland conducts business; and
- Other third parties (for example, from referees if you apply for a position as an employee or contractor with us).
You may deal with us anonymously or using a pseudonym when you access many aspects of the website or make inquiries through the website or by telephone if you do not require a response from us. However, to access Underland’s customer support features or for us to respond to inquiries, we require certain contact details from you. We generally need your personal information in order to transact with you.
Underland will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. Underland will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with its legal obligations (for example, if Underland is required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce its legal agreements and policies.

Underland will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of the Service, or Underland is legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

Specific retention periods:

*   **Unsuccessful job applicants:** Up to 6 months.
*   **Employees/Contractors:** Up to 6 years after ceasing work with Underland.
*   **Suppliers/Subscribers/Resellers (or their employees/contractors):** Up to 6 years from the last interaction with Underland.
*   **Direct marketing/consent-based processing:** Until You ask Underland to stop, plus a short period to implement the request.  Underland will keep a record of Your request indefinitely.
* **Other Retention:** If necessary to comply with legal obligations, resolve dispute or maintain security, Underland may retain information for a longer time.

When personal information is no longer required, Underland will delete or de-identify it.

## Transfer of Your Personal Data

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at Underland's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

Underland will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

Underland stores Personal Data in servers in Australia, the United States of America, and Germany.  Underland may disclose Your Personal Data to overseas recipients (e.g., subsidiaries, subscribers, resellers, service providers) in various countries, likely including the United States of America and Germany.  Underland will take reasonable steps to ensure overseas recipients comply with the Australian Privacy Principles, except where exceptions apply.
If Underland discloses your personal information to third parties, it will use reasonable commercial efforts to ensure that such third parties only use your personal information as reasonably required for the purpose of disclosure and in a manner consistent with applicable laws, for example (where commercially practical) by including suitable privacy and confidentiality clauses in Underland’s agreement with a third-party service provider to which Underland discloses your personal information.
## Delete Your Personal Data

You have the right to delete or request that Underland assist in deleting the Personal Data that Underland has collected about You.

The Service may give You the ability to delete certain information about You from within the Service.

You may update, amend, or delete Your information at any time by contacting Underland (see contact information below.)

Please note, however, that Underland may need to retain certain information when Underland has a legal obligation or lawful basis to do so.

## Disclosure of Your Personal Data

### Business Transactions

If Underland is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. Underland will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

#### Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, Underland may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

#### Other legal requirements

Underland may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

-   Comply with a legal obligation
-   Protect and defend the rights or property of Underland
-   Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
-   Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
-   Protect against legal liability

## Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Underland, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While Underland strives to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, Underland cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Underland engages service providers to store your personal information, including Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS) and Google LLC. Underland recommends that you review these companies’ privacy policies to understand how they use and store your personal information.

Underland takes reasonable steps to protect Your Personal Data, including using firewalls, secure storage, and limiting employee access. However, Underland cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted over the internet. Underland excludes liability for unauthorized access, disclosure, misuse, or loss of Your Personal Data, except where liability cannot be excluded by law. Notify Underland immediately of any security breach.
Nothing in this policy restricts, excludes, or modifies or purports to restrict, exclude, or modify Underland’s obligations under the Privacy Act and any other applicable legislation or any statutory consumer rights you may have under any applicable law including the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth).
## Children's Privacy

The Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. Underland does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Underland with Personal Data, please contact Underland. If Underland becomes aware that it has collected Personal Data